



		AFFIDAVIT OF THOMAS L. OPDAHL, C.P.A.
	   CONCERNING REMARKS MADE BY PROFESSOR BURKE
     AT THE COMMENCEMENT OF CLASS AT THE USD LAW SCHOOL
 IMMEDIATELY BEFORE A VERY IMPORTANT TEST, PERHAPS THE FINAL

    I, Thomas L. Opdahl, was a student at the USD Law School taking the
course in Constitutional Law as taught by Professor (possibly John) Burke
in the old USD Law School building where the old library was located.  I
sat in the front row, very close to the door for entry or exit to or from
the classroom.  To my right was a fellow student, though an actual Law
major and not just an MBA candicate taking a single law course, named Kent
Hyde who I noticed some years ago was a Libertarian candicate for public
office.  Immediately behind me was a very attractive gal, also a law major
who happened to be I was informed and later made the connection by seeing
his picture in the paper or possibly even on T.V. as well, the daughter of
Mr. Peterson (Petersen sp) the former City Commissioner of Sioux Falls.  
Perhaps five rows behind me, and almost directly behind me in row, sat a
gal named Krall, who at the time did not know the person or have ever heard
of her or who her parents were; which time was in 1981 before commencement
ceremonies in May or possibly June if such be the case.  We were about to
start class and a very important final, covering most likely many of the 
cases which were in the Constitutional Text book, when Professor Burke at the
very start of class exploded in anger, causing I, Thomas L. Opdahl to be 
distressed and either make a slip in Notating my official USD answer book in
writing the name of the class, Const or possibly I was supposed to use all
capitals; in any case I was later repremanded for the error and Kent Hyde to
my right and a very good friend to me in the class seeing I didn't know what
was going on with Law classes and did not know personally, gave me an extra
official USD answer book as he was astute knowing that extras might be needed.
     In any case, the remark made by Professor Burke was directed at this 
KRALL gal, and he said to the effect "Those common law trust are just not any
Good"  ""AND THEY WILL NEVER BE ANY GOOD EITHER.""  At such a remark I clasped
my hands over my head, expecting that I would be the next person repremanded;
as the gal was very promptly told to get out of class and could not take the,
most likely FINAL EXAM.  The teacher seeing my composure noticed that I had
mispelled the name of the course not using capitals as most likely required.
Kent Hyde asked me what was wrong and I very softly in a whisper said My dad
had a lot of those. (common law trusts)  Perhaps Professor Burke saw my 
official USD answer book and assumed that I was distressed at mispelling the
name of the course in NOT ALL CAPITALS.
     All of the above can be verified as 100 % true and correct by contacting 
the other parties mentioned in this affidavit which obviously shows the bias
and disfavor of the State supported Law School and probably the Lawyer profession
as well towards individuals involved with Common Law Trusts.

Dated this 11th Day of March 1996	Faithfully and Truthfully Sworn 
8 Years after Hoff commenced litigation	Under penalties of perjury as 
in Lincoln County, South Dakota		True and Correct.
					
					
					Thomas L. Opdahl, C.P.A. inactive and
					                  cancelled.
 
   